pulumi: add page (#8410)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pulumi.md

# pulumi

> Define infrastructure on any cloud using familiar programming languages.

> > More information: <https://www.pulumi.com/docs/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/cli>.
```

- Create a new project using a template:

`pulumi new`

> - Create a new stack, an isolated deployment target:

Reviewer 2: I think a connector is missing here `with`? `using`? `creating`?
```suggestion
- Create a new stack using an isolated deployment target:
```

`pulumi stack init`

> - Configure variables such as keys, regions, and so on:

Reviewer: Does this open a interactive command or is there other parameters that need to go with it?

Author: It opens an Interactive command  but you can also provide additional parameters.

Reviewer: such as?

Author: Such as an Organization name or/and a Stack Name

Reviewer: Do you input them once when the command is running or as parameters in the command?

Author: You input them when the command is running

Reviewer: Ah, ok thanks.

```suggestion
- Interactively configure variables such as keys, regions, etc: 
```

> - Interactively configure variables such as keys, regions, etc:

Reviewer 2: I prefer start with the action verb, it's clear
```suggestion
- Configure variables (e.g. keys, regions, etc.) interactively:
```

`pulumi config`

> - Preview and deploy changes to your program and/or infrastructure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preview and deploy changes to a program and/or infrastructure:
```

We avoid using `you` and `your`

> - Preview and deploy changes to a program and/or infrastructure:

Reviewer 2: This command has a confirmation prompt?

Author: That command lists all configuration values for a specific stack. 
To add a new configuration value  `pulumi config set`. 
To remove an existing value run `pulumi config rm`. 
To get the value of for a specific configuration key, use `pulumi config get`

`pulumi up`

> - Preview your changes explicitly before deploying:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preview changes explicitly before deploying:
```

`pulumi preview`

> - Destroy your program and its infrastructure when you’re done:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destroy a program and its infrastructure after execution:
```
```suggestion
- Destroy a program and its infrastructure:
```
